Documentation of new features (Feb - Jun 2022) (#135)
railwayapp/docs: src/pages/reference/starters.md

Starters can point at any public repository.

## Updating Starters

Every time you visit your project on Railway, we will check to see if the project it is based on has been updated by its maker.

> If it has, we will prompt you to update your project. On confirmation, we will create a branch on Github and open a PR deployment for you on Railway. This way, we don’t replace your production deployment and you can test things out within the PR deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it has, we will prompt you to update your project. On confirmation, we will create a branch on Github and open a PR environment for you on Railway. This way, we don’t replace your production environment and you can test things out within the PR deploy.
```

Once you’re happy with the changes, you can merge the PR and your production deployment will be updated to the latest version.

## Templates

> Templates are user created starters that can be deployed at the clock of a button.

Reviewer 2: click*

The button allows you to offer a 1-Click deploy on Railway experience.

<Image src="https://res.cloudinary.com/railway/image/upload/v1656470421/docs/template-editor_khw8n6.png"
alt="Screenshot of Template Editor"
layout="intrinsic"
width={609} height={520} quality={80} />

![Railway Button](https://railway.app/button.svg)

Configure your own button at
[railway.app/button](https://railway.app/button) where you can define the repo
to deploy, plugins to install, and required env vars.

### Managing Templates

<Image src="https://res.cloudinary.com/railway/image/upload/v1656470419/docs/template-manager_ki6byi.png"
alt="Screenshot of Expanded Project Usage Pane"
layout="intrinsic"
width={973} height={562} quality={80} />

You can see all of your templates that you created within your [Account's Templates page](https://railway.app/account/templates). You can edit your Template at any time.

> ## Deploy a Certain Commit

Reviewer: You can't deploy a specific commit. But you can deploy the last known stable version.

```suggestion
## Deploy a Stable Version
```

Upon successful deployment of any service within a project linked to a template, we create a version of that service that contains the `commitSha` of the commit and the title of that commit that was deployed as the content.

> This version becomes selectable within the starter deploy UI for users to choose. If users need to use an older or experimental version of your starter deployed? A dropdown is present giving your users control on what version to deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version becomes selectable within the starter deploy UI for users to choose. If users need to use an older or experimental version of your starter deployed? A dropdown is present giving your users the ability to deploy the latest version.
```

Reviewer 2: within the starter deploy UI -> template deploy form*?

Reviewer 2: If users need to use an older or experimental version of your starter deployed? A dropdown is present giving your users control on what version to deploy -> Users can choose between the last stable version of the template or experiment by deploying the latest version.

I'd change it to something along these lines to make it simpler.
